[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna make some definitive forward
progress with phantasm for oblivion
let's get to it we open on headlights
this time into mortuary until we see the
headlights belong to a hearse being
driven by Mike then we get the series
recap we've grown so accustomed to mmm
it's like coming home this leads up to
Mike running off to fight his
transformation with Reggie being left
behind a captive in the catacombs
Tim's whereabouts are unknown the tow
man plays with Reggie a bit before
indicating it's time to start the
endgame releasing him and then leaving
we return to Mike having a wistful dream
about the perfect day before the tall
man's arrival spent stealing frozen
treats and likely vandalizing public
property he's so wrapped up in this he
barely notices he's playing inadvertent
chicken with a semi he cleans his pants
and continues on plagued by the
occasional vision Reggie is doing some
maintenance on the CUDA when Jody shows
up he once ready to go after Mike but he
confirms that he's done with that life
Jodie can't even convince him with the
enticement of a warm vision of a perfect
bohemian existence that never was Mike
finds he has a visitor who's taking
control of the motor coach Mike gives up
trying to get control and looks instead
to all the work he'll get done in his
self-driving car while the tall man
disappears into a casket meanwhile
Reggie gets pulled over when the officer
takes too long to return he does some
investigating finding the real officer
folded up in the trunk like so he's then
attacked by some sort of zombie brute he
manages to lock himself in and when the
big oaf tries to come in from the roof
fires off the shotty they do a quick and
sexy puke swap and then Reggie sticks
the road flare in the gas tank killing
the big guy and I guess we didn't want
to say putting the officer in the trunk
out of his misery the next morning we
see that Mike has made it to Death
Valley he gets out to walk around and
appears to be at high risk of a Gorn
attack he hangs out until the Sun Goes
Down and does a little exploring finding
subtle hints from the tall man trying to
convince him to become one of his kind
we then transition back to Reggie being
very careful to make sure the coast is
clear so no one coming in connects him
to the smelly no no he left behind in a
surprising bit of character development
he sees a lost woman and elects to drive
off rather than trying to hump her
Michael makes an attempted escape he
seems strangely scared to fall even
though he put in all this effort he does
faul however and finds that he did too
good of a job despite this his fate is
in the tow man's hands and he refuses to
let him die he insists on him helping
with his errands we have things to do
but Mike instead creates his own doorway
and jumps through he ends up in a
strange laboratory outside he finds a
perfectly genial tall man sipping on a
poor man's lemonade and surmising that
Mike must have come through the gate he
was working on Mike runs off but finds
he's woefully ignorant of the trappings
of science only discovering by
happenstance that the gears are the key
to interdimensional travel this leads
him to a field of possibilities
Reggie continues on apparently having
stopped for 20 minutes to drop into
their dues because he eventually comes
upon the car he previously left ahead of
unfortunately his face flirting works
too well resulting in a rollover
accident feeling some responsibility for
the predicament he offers to help her
along back in the desert we find Mike
working on the hearse and otherwise
enjoying his time in Death Valley
although this movie is about three
laptops away from becoming a Neil Breen
film Jodie shows up and we discover that
Mike doesn't fully trust him for her
reasons not entirely clear in the end we
get an indication that Mike is not
fixing hers but building his own
rudimentary or
meanwhile Reggie and Jennifer find the
skeezius motel available and break in
for the night they get cozy and set some
mood lighting as Reggie fills her in on
what's been going on with him we watched
him employ his standard moves which
never worked and he goes to bed
frustrated he has a dream that he's in a
graveyard and wanders into the tall
grass and Mike's there he awakes to
Jen's a luring body doing some unusual
stuff now I don't know much about how
ladies work but I'm not sure whatever's
going on here is something to be excited
about called it one of the orbs forcibly
penetrates his hand and then he
discovers the tuning fork to be a
reliable weapon Mike considers the
possibility of going to the beginning to
prevent the tall man from becoming Lord
of the dead but the tall man is in
control and sends him to a desolate
future instead Jodie finds him there and
they run off while Reggie in the
original dimension climbs a mountain and
finds the hearse he cosplays this
classic Reggie and approaches at
nightfall finding the site littered with
dwarves that he has to blast
demonstrating his now battle-hardened
grip Mike and Jodie pop out to greet him
with Mike subtly telling reg not to
trust Jodie and Reggie subtly palming
him the tuning fork then they go back to
the beginning they stand around and
watch as the tall man prepares for the
final experiment
Mike leaps in the stabbim at the last
second only to find he can't interfere
because they're in different dimensions
when the true tall man returns they flee
Mike plays it real cool leading on a
tree and
waiting for the double-cross when it
comes he stabs Jodie but then his
grabbed by another Jodie and ends of
finding himself on the tow man's table
where after all this time all it really
took was for someone to mildly press his
shoulders down he then gets his dome
sawed
however the tuning fork allows Mike to
hit the pause button taking care of
Jodie before having his toy taken so he
runs back through the gate when the told
me it appears he completely dominates
Reggie Mike distracts him with his
custom orb which is just phase one phase
two is the bright shiny light he knows
the tall man won't be able to resist
gazing upon this is the precursor to the
hearse exploding engulfing the tall man
in flames
unfortunately the tall man just responds
and casually removes Mike's mind orb
Reggie unwilling to let Mike go runs off
after the tall man for a little
interdimensional warfare and that was
fantastic for vacation in the desert the
penultimate film in the series next week
will bring the series to a close if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]